you do ride motorbikes don't you yes
yeah but like a lot he's not your main
way of getting around yeah pretty much
yeah
little Norton commando yeah English twin
I'm sorry did you just say a Norton
commando between your legs at least one
person sitting very close to you is
imagining exactly about right
[Music]
I I saw that picture of you stabbing
herself at my boy the jokes right
themselves we're not going there but if
you do fall off motorbikes a lot yeah
I've had some I've you know what it's a
weird thing I've had some good luck and
some bad luck you were live that's the
good luck the bad luck is I've got a
fake tooth I've got a huge scar here
I've got a I guess a plate in my neck
about this but that's not all just the
motorcycles but yeah I've come off the
bike a few times yeah but wasn't there
time you scored your leg yeah that was
the one where a car pulled out in front
of me and and I was kind of trying to
decide this was just after I had the
plate in the neck and I was deciding if
I was kind of about to hit the car
because I started to veer but then the
car saw me and started to move and then
he stopped and I was just like oh man
what am I getting so then I was trying
to decide whether to drop the bike or to
jump off the bike and go over the car
and then by the time I kind of figured
that all out
I took the bumper off of his car and I
ended up sitting on the ground and then
that bike was just lying over there and
then like tooth was cut in half and I
had blood in my mouth and then the guy
came over and he was freaking out but I
was in shock so I was like it's okay but
the thing about it is that I was getting
as I was sitting on my skin was open on
my shin oh and own white is very white
it's like so I kept touching it and my
friend was like look how white that and
so then this woman who came up said it
said everything okay and then she kind
of was there and the paramedics and she
was like it's at Keanu Reeves and he's
like what can I have your autograph
[Applause]
[Music]
you